Modify SF requirements (#39)
httpwg/admin: style-guide.md

### Structured Fields

Most HTTP headers defined by the Working Group should be [Structured Fields](https://httpwg.org/specs/rfc8941.html). This isn't an official policy, but many folks argue for them. 

When specifying a Structured Field in prose, preferred practice is to add the following to your "Notational Conventions" section:

> > This document uses the following terminology from {{Section 3 of STRUCTURED-FIELDS}} to specify syntax and parsing: List, Dictionary, and Integer.

Author: ```suggestion
~~~ markdown
This document uses the following terminology from {{Section 3 of STRUCTURED-FIELDS}} to specify syntax and parsing: List, Dictionary, and Integer.
~~~
```

### Structured Fields

Most HTTP headers defined by the Working Group should be [Structured Fields](https://httpwg.org/specs/rfc8941.html). This isn't an official policy, but many folks argue for them. 

When specifying a Structured Field in prose, preferred practice is to add the following to your "Notational Conventions" section:

> > This document uses the following terminology from {{Section 3.1.1 of STRUCTURED-FIELDS}}: List, Dictionary, and Integer.

Reviewer: This is markdown.

```suggestion
~~~ markdown
This document uses the following terminology from 
{{Section 3.1.1 of STRUCTURED-FIELDS}}: List, Dictionary, and Integer.
~~~
```

> > This document uses the following terminology from {{Section 3.1.1 of STRUCTURED-FIELDS}}: List, Dictionary, and Integer.

Author: ```suggestion
> This document uses the following terminology from {{Section 3 of STRUCTURED-FIELDS}} to specify syntax nd parsing: List, Dictionary, and Integer.
```

> > This document uses the following terminology from {{Section 3 of STRUCTURED-FIELDS}} to specify syntax nd parsing: List, Dictionary, and Integer.

Author: ```suggestion
> This document uses the following terminology from {{Section 3 of STRUCTURED-FIELDS}} to specify syntax and parsing: List, Dictionary, and Integer.
```

adjusting the terms listed as appropriate. Then, when using one of the terms, just use the bare, capitalised term; e.g.,

> ~~~ markdown

Author: ```suggestion
```

> The Foo header field's value is a List of Integers.

Reviewer: This could be simply

```suggestion
> The Foo header field's value is a List of Integers.
```

> ~~~

Author: ```suggestion
```

> All references to structured types should be made to Section 3 of the Structured Fields specification, **not** Section 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All references to structured types should be made to [Section 3](https://httpwg.org/specs/rfc8941.html#rfc.section.3) of the Structured Fields specification, **not** Section 4.
```

> Note that although the Structured Fields specification accommodates the use of ABNF, we do not recommend it for our specifications.

Reviewer 2: This seems good (although I expect some folks to take aghast). 

The more I work on specs that use SF, the more I find the ABNF is distracting or harmful. For example, H3 datagram had a ABNF seemingly building out a header based on SF components, which seems dangerous; see https://github.com/ietf-wg-masque/draft-ietf-masque-h3-datagram/pull/148/files. We alraedy simplified this away. Simplifying further by removing ABNF seems just fine to me.

Author: Will modify to just "do not recommend it."

```suggestion
Note that although the Structured Fields specification accommodates the use of ABNF, we do not recommend it.
```

> Note that although the Structured Fields specification accommodates the use of ABNF, we do not recommend it for our specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although ABNF is defined for structured types, we do not recommend the use of ABNF for our specifications.
```

Author: we do not recommend the use of _that_ ABNF for our specifications? Otherwise, core is in a lot of trouble...

> Note that although the Structured Fields specification accommodates the use of ABNF, we do not recommend it.

Author: ```suggestion
Although ABNF is defined for structured types, we do not recommend its use.
```
